the Empire has been repulsed but this
one defeat will increase its
determination to crush the rebellion
once and for all
in the continuation of the Star Wars
saga The Empire Strikes Back and Luke
Han and princess Leah must confront its
awesome night
in the course of the Odyssey they travel
with their faithful friends droids and
wookiees to exotic worlds where they
meet new alien creatures and evil
machines
in an awesome confrontation between Luke
Skywalker and the master of the dark
side of the force
Luke Skywalker Princess Leia Han Solo
c-3po r2d2 Chewbacca and introducing
Lando Calrissian in the continuation of
the Star Wars saga the Empire Strikes
Back
coming next year